Terms and Conditions Our Terms and Conditions were last updated on 20/02/2022. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.

Interpretation and Definitions Interpretation The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural. Definitions For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: ● This app means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device  ● “Application Store” means the digital distribution service operated and developed by Apple Inc. (Apple App Store) or Google Inc. (Google Play Store) in which the Application has been downloaded. ● “Affiliate” means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority. ● “Account” means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service. ● “Company” (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Share Story. ● “Country” refers to India. ● “Content” refers to content such as text, images, or other information that can be posted, uploaded, linked to or otherwise made available by You, regardless of the form of that content. ● “Device” means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cell phone or a digital tablet. ● “Feedback” means feedback, innovations or suggestions sent by You regarding the attributes, performance or features of our Service. ● “Service” refers to the Website. ● “Terms and Conditions” (also referred as "Terms") mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service. This Terms and Conditions Agreement was generated by TermsFeed Mobile App Terms and Conditions Generator.
